Added CSRF Workaround (#1852)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/features/odata/v2-client.mdx

By default, this _pre-flight_ request is sent automatically **and every time** before running a modification request.

<details>

    <summary>Customizing the CSRF Token Request</summary>

Some OData services may have special requirements for the CSRF token request.
For example, some SAP S/4HANA services may require an additional trailing slash `/` with the CSRF request.

You can customize the behavior by registering a `CustomCsrfTokenRetriever` that implements the desired behavior:

```java
class CustomCsrfTokenRetriever extends DefaultCsrfTokenRetriever
{
    @Nonnull
    @Override
    public CsrfToken retrieveCsrfToken(
            @Nonnull HttpClient httpClient,
            @Nonnull String servicePath, @Nonnull Map<String, Collection<String>> headers )
    {
        return super.retrieveCsrfToken(httpClient, servicePath + "/", headers);
    }
}
```

And then set the `CustomCsrfTokenRetriever` on your request like so:

```java
var request = xxx.toRequest();
request.setCsrfTokenRetriever(new CustomCsrfTokenRetriever());
var client = HttpClientAccessor.getHttpClient(httpDest);
return request.execute(client);
```

> 
> Let me know if this works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The SAP Cloud SDK for Java supports this requirement by sending a _pre-flight_ request to obtain a valid CSRF token for the subsequent, actual request.

By default, this _pre-flight_ request is sent automatically **and every time** before running a modification request.

<details>

>     <summary>CSRF Token missing</summary>
> 
> Some SAP S/4HANA On-Premise systems require an additional `/`.
> 
> You can define this `CustomCsrfTokenRetriever` which will add a trailing `/` on the service path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <summary>Customizing the CSRF Token Request</summary>

Some OData services may have special requirements for the CSRF token request.
For example. some S/4HANA services may require an additional trailing slash `/` with the CSRF request.

You can customize the behavior by registering a `CustomCsrfTokenRetriever` that implements the desired behavior:
```
